docs/getting_started/firstGame.md, before:

---
status: placeholder
---

# Your First Game

### Goal
We're going to create a fully functional roleplaying map, using qb-core and an urban downtown map, that you can further tweak to your heart's content.

[image of end result]

---

**Prerequisites**
1. Install the Launcher and Studio (& UE5), if you haven't already

### First Launch
1. Open a new project via Studio
2. Click play

### Importing The Map
1. Open Vault via Launcher
2. Import
3. Run

### Adding In A Framework
1. Same as map, but with code

### Publishing
1. Using Studio, click publish
2. Play!

### Further Steps

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   __Alter The Visuals__

    Customize the setting to your liking (e.g. change interior decorations, make furniture)

    [:material-compass: Mappers Hub](mappers.md)

    [:material-palette-outline: Modelers Hub](modelers.md)

-   __Alter The Functionality__

	Modify or create parts of the framework (e.g. tweak occupation values, create UI elements)

    [:octicons-command-palette-16: Scripters Hub](scripters.md)

    [:octicons-file-code-24: View API](../api/index.md)

    [:material-file-document-outline: QB-Core Docs](../scripting/qbcore.md)

-   __Keep Learning__

    Either step-by-step or through examples.

    [:material-file-document-check-outline: See Tutorials](../tutorials/index.md)
    
</div>

Commit message:

Large Getting Started section update
- Update wording throughout
- Add annotations
- Add external styling
- Add brighter text styling
- Add keyboard navigation
- Reformat hub page titles

docs/getting_started/firstGame.md, after:

---
status: placeholder
---

# Your First Game

### Goal
We're going to create a fully functional roleplaying map, using [QB-Core](../scripting/qbcore.md) (1) and an urban downtown map, that you can then further customize to your heart's content.
{ .annotate }

1.  QB-Core is a widely-used roleplaying framework, popular in the
    FiveM/GTA ecosystem. It has been ported specifically to HELIX's Lua API by its maintainer (Kakarot) to enable you to quickly make great games. 

[image of end result]

---

**Prerequisites**

1. [Install](install.md) the **Launcher** and **Studio** (& UE5), if you haven't already

### First Launch
1. Open a New Project via **Studio**

### Importing The Map
1. Open the [Add-on Vault](https://helixgame.com/vault){.external-link} via the **Launcher**
2. Import the `Downtown-RP` map (it may take a while to download the first time)

### Adding In A Framework
1. With the **Add-on Vault** open, import the `QB-Core` framework
/// note | Feel free to configure the framework as much or as little as you'd like. More info on the page for [QB-Core](../scripting/qbcore.md).
///

### Publishing
1. Using **Studio**, navigate to the top center :material-earth:, and click `Publish`
2. Configure the specific publishing fields to your needs
/// tip | Specifics here are subject to change
///
3. Open HELIX from the **Launcher** (first tab), navigate to your recently published game, and play!

### Further Steps

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   __Alter The Visuals__

    Customize the aesthetics to your liking (e.g. change interior decorations, make furniture)

    [:material-compass: Artists Hub](artists.md)

-   __Keep Learning__

    Either step-by-step or through examples.

    [:material-file-document-check-outline: See Tutorials](../tutorials/index.md)

-   __Alter The Functionality__

	Modify or create parts of the framework (e.g. tweak occupation values, create UI elements, etc.)

    [:octicons-command-palette-16: Scripters Hub](scripters.md)

    [:octicons-file-code-24: View API](../api/index.md)

    [:material-file-document-outline: QB-Core Docs](../scripting/qbcore.md)

-   __Keep Exploring__

    One of the best ways to learn is to get inspiration from other works. Play games others have created to see what's possible!

    [:material-controller: HELIX Games](https://helixgame.com/){.external}    
    
</div>
