docs/getting_started/help.md, before:

---
title: Helpful Resources
# status: wip
---

# Helpful Resources

Check out the links below for assistance!

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   __:simple-discord: Quick Help__

    Check out our [Developer Discord](https://discord.gg/helixcreators) - there you can talk to Helix employees, fellow developers, and work through problems alongside others.

-   __:material-file-document-edit: Long Term Knowledge__

    That's what **[this docs site](help.md)** is for!

    - If you notice anything missing, please comment/edit via the buttons in the _top right of any page_.

- __:material-bug-play: Bug Reports & Suggestions__

    - [Submit Bug Report](https://hypersoniclabs.notion.site/Bug-Report-Tracker-c8a5e83606434207abce85255021a83f)
    - [Submit Feature Request](https://hypersoniclabs.notion.site/Scripting-Feature-Requests-6e2b22664809413eb270229c8e87035c)

-   __:material-help-network: Other Support__
    
    For all other support (e.g. account issues, technical help), drop us a line directly on the Discord, or email us at [help@helixgame.com](mailto:help@helixgame.com)

</div>

Commit message:

Large Getting Started section update
- Update wording throughout
- Add annotations
- Add external styling
- Add brighter text styling
- Add keyboard navigation
- Reformat hub page titles

docs/getting_started/help.md, after:

---
title: Helpful Resources
---

# Helpful Resources

Check out the links below for assistance!

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   __:simple-discord: Quick Help__

    Check out our [Developer Discord](https://discord.gg/helixcreators){.external} - there you can talk to fellow developers, HELIX employees, and work through problems with others.

-   __:material-file-document-edit: Long Term Knowledge__

    That's what this docs site is for!

    If you notice anything missing, please _feel encouraged to comment/edit via the buttons in the top right of any page_.

- __:material-bug-play: Bug Reports & Suggestions__

    - [Submit Bug Report](https://hypersoniclabs.notion.site/Bug-Report-Tracker-c8a5e83606434207abce85255021a83f){.external}
    - [Submit Feature Request](https://hypersoniclabs.notion.site/Scripting-Feature-Requests-6e2b22664809413eb270229c8e87035c){.external}

-   __:material-help-network: Other Support__
    
    For all other support (e.g. account issues, technical help), drop us a line directly on the [Discord](https://discord.gg/helixcreators){.external}, or email us at [help@helixgame.com](mailto:help@helixgame.com){.external}

</div>
