docs/getting_started/index.md, before:

---
title: Getting Started
icon: material/book-open-variant
---

# Getting Started

Welcome to the documentation for [HELIX](https://helixgame.com/){.external-link}, the platform that allows you to create the roleplaying experience of your dreams.

![Banner Image](../_images/getting_started/banner.png)

## About HELIX

HELIX is an open-world multiplayer sandbox game. As a developer, you can create your own games, roleplaying servers, and virtual worlds using our extensive scripting API and creation tools.

- **Built For Creators, By Creators** - We see you. We see your ingenuity, your creativity, as you modify games in beautiful, frustrating ways, fighting the very systems you rely on. *HELIX is different.* Time to know what it feels like to be empowered alongside a community of creators.

- **The Power of Unreal** - HELIX is intentionally built on top of the well-loved Unreal 5 game engine, allowing for unparalleled graphical fidelity and customization. Our import tools allow you to work on whatever complexity layer you like - this is creation without limits!

- **Helpful Resources** - From one click publishing to the [Vault](https://helixgame.com/vault){.external-link} (community created assets) to extensive documentation, we have all the resources you need to get started quickly and easily.

## Getting Started

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   __Quickstart__

    The best way to learn is by doing. Make your first game with us, in minutes!

    [:material-folder-download-outline: Install](install.md)

    [:material-controller-classic-outline: Making Your First Game](firstGame.md)

-   __Disciple specific tooling__

	Whatever you specialize in, we've got the right tools for you. 

    [:octicons-command-palette-16: Scripters](scripters.md)

    [:material-palette-outline: Modelers](modelers.md)

    [:octicons-server-16: RP Server Owners](rpServerOwners.md)

-   __View tutorials and examples__

    See how it's done directly, either step-by-step or through examples.

    [:material-file-document-check-outline: See Tutorials](../tutorials/index.md)

-   __Browse the API__

    Check out our extensive API to see the full breadth of HELIX.

    [:octicons-file-code-24: View API](../api/index.md)
</div>

### Organization of Documentation
- **Getting Started** explains the essential information you need to start using HELIX, from installation to publishing.
- The **Tutorials** section contains step-by-step instructions to make specific features or full games, as well as a collection of **Examples** to learn from and use.
- The **HELIX API** holds formal information about scripting in HELIX, including a Lua style guide and references for all functions.


### Contributing
HELIX's documentation is continuously written and edited, and we'd love your help/input to make it better! To contribute, simply click the <a href="#" title="Edit this page" class="md-icon">edit</a> icon in the top right corner of any page.

Commit message:

Large Getting Started section update
- Update wording throughout
- Add annotations
- Add external styling
- Add brighter text styling
- Add keyboard navigation
- Reformat hub page titles

docs/getting_started/index.md, after:

---
title: Getting Started
icon: material/book-open-variant
---

# Getting Started

Welcome to the documentation for [HELIX](https://helixgame.com/){.external}, the ultimate open world roleplaying platform.

![Banner Image](../_images/getting_started/banner.png)

## About HELIX

HELIX is an open-world multiplayer sandbox platform, specifically designed for roleplay. As a developer, you can create your own games, roleplaying servers, and virtual worlds using our extensive scripting API and creation tools.

<div class="annotate" markdown>

- :fontawesome-solid-people-line: **Built By Creators, For Creators**{.whiter} - We see you. We see your ingenuity, your creativity, as you modify games in beautiful, frustrating ways, fighting the very systems you rely on. *HELIX is different.* Time to know what it feels like to be empowered alongside a community of creators.

- :material-chart-areaspline: **We Succeed When You Succeed**{.whiter} - With access to the [Add-on Vault](https://helixgame.com/vault){.external} (1) and extensive documentation, we strive to help you excel. Not to mention features like one-click-publishing, full IP ownership, and mututally-beneficial monetization! (2)

- :material-arrow-up-box: **Delightful Tooling**{.whiter} - HELIX is built on top of the well-used Unreal 5 game engine, allowing for unparalleled graphical fidelity and customization. We also provide an intuitive and powerful Lua API alongside a host of other useful tools.
</div>

1.  The Add-on Vault is a central repository of shared assets that contains
    everything you need to build your worlds and RP servers. Discover thousands of add-ons and mods from maps, characters, vehicles, weapons, Lua scripts to entire game modes!
2.  Simply put, Hypersonic takes a cut of all the profits on HELIX. This means
    the success of the company is directly in-line with how successful you, the creators, are. In other words, our goals are mutually aligned! :partying_face:

## Getting Started

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   __Quickstart__

    The best way to learn is by doing. Make your first game quickly and easily in this step-by-step tutorial!

    [:material-folder-download-outline: Install](install.md)

    [:material-controller-classic-outline: Making Your First Game](firstGame.md)

-   __Disciple specific tooling__

	Whatever you specialize in, we've got the right tools for you. 

    [:octicons-command-palette-16: Scripters](scripters.md)

    [:octicons-server-16: RP Server Owners](rpServerOwners.md)

    [:material-palette-outline: Artists](artists.md)
    
-   __View tutorials and examples__

    See how it's done directly, either step-by-step or through examples.

    [:material-file-document-check-outline: General Tutorials](../tutorials/index.md)

    [:material-file-document-arrow-right-outline: Scripting Tutorials](../scripting/index.md)

-   __Browse the API__

    Check out our extensive API to see the full breadth of HELIX.

    [:octicons-file-code-24: View API](../api/index.md)
</div>

/// tip |  Navigation
Use ++right++ to quickly go to the next page too!
///

### Contributing
HELIX's documentation is continuously written and edited, and **we'd love your help/input to make it better!** To contribute, simply click the <a href="#" title="Edit this page" class="md-icon">edit icon :material-file-document-edit-outline:</a> in the **top right corner of any page**.
