docs/getting_started/install.md, before:

---
status: change
---

# Install Helix

## Make a HELIX Account

/// warning | Closed Alpha
We are currently in closed alpha, meaning account sign ups are restricted. Sign up for the waitlist [on our website](https://helixgame.com/), and learn more about getting quicker access [here](TODO_waitlistDetails_link). 
///

To get started, you will need an account.

1. Go to the [HELIX Website](https://helixgame.com/) to create an account.
2. Check for an e-mail from HELIX to confirm your account.

/// info | Please check your spam folder if you don't see a verification email in your inbox.
///

## Download the Installer

### Download for Windows
1. Log in to the [HELIX Website](https://helixgame.com/) with your HELIX account
2. Click [Download HELIX](TODO_dl_link) in the top right to download the HELIX launcher
3. Once the download finishes, extract and run `HELIXlauncher.exe`
4. In the `Create` tab, click on the "Install Studio" button

### Install Unreal Engine 5 (subject to change)
1. Download, install, and run the [Epic Games Store Launcher](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/download)
2. Navigate to the Unreal Engine tab on the left
3. Install Unreal Engine 5.4.x (and mark the file location you saved it in)

## Next steps
- Run the launcher, click the 'Create' tab at the top, and get started!
- Keep exploring the documentation, with an overview of the [tools](creatorTools.md) and how to make your [first game](firstGame.md).

Commit message:

Large Getting Started section update
- Update wording throughout
- Add annotations
- Add external styling
- Add brighter text styling
- Add keyboard navigation
- Reformat hub page titles

docs/getting_started/install.md, after:

---
status: change
---

# Install Helix

## Make a HELIX Account

/// warning | Closed Alpha
We are currently in closed alpha, meaning account sign ups are restricted. Sign up for the waitlist [on our website](https://helixgame.com/), and learn more about how to increase your place in line [here](TODO_waitlistDetails_link). 
///

To get started, you will need an account.

1. Go to the [HELIX Website](https://helixgame.com/) to create an account.
2. Check for an e-mail from HELIX to confirm your account.

/// info | Please check your spam folder if you don't see a verification email in your inbox.
///

## Download the Installer

### Download for Windows
1. Log in to the [HELIX Website](https://helixgame.com/) with your HELIX account
2. Click [Download HELIX](TODO_dl_link) in the top right to download the HELIX launcher
3. Once the download finishes, extract and run `HELIXlauncher.exe`
4. In the `Create` tab, click on the `Install Studio` button

### Install Unreal Engine 5 (subject to change)
1. Download, install, and run the [Epic Games Store Launcher](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/download)
2. Navigate to the Unreal Engine tab on the left
3. Install Unreal Engine 5.4.x (and mark the file location you saved it in)

## Next steps
- Run the launcher, click the 'Create' tab at the top, and get started!
- Keep exploring the documentation!
    - The next few pages go over the [tools/editor](creatorTools.md) and a quickstart for your [first game](firstGame.md).
